chore: add new blogs (#452)
cilium/cilium.io: src/posts/2024-02-11-cilium-5g/index.md

---
date: '2024-02-11T12:40:00.000Z'
title: 'Security and observability with Cilium on my 5G network'
ogImage: ogimage.png

> ogSummary: 'Learn how to implement Cilium and Hubble on a 5G network.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ogSummary: 'Learn how to implement Cilium and Hubble on a 5G network'
```
